8
Press any key to continue...
Start Game
Exit to Menu
Press button "P" while playing to pause game.
Continue
Level 1
Level 2
Cat Mario
100
Retreat, hell! We just got here.
Gentlemen, we are being killed here on the beaches. Let us go inland and be killed!
We’re surrounded. That simplifies the problem. Now we can attack in any direction!
I'm fed up to the ears with old men dreaming up wars for young men to die in.
Having nothing to struggle against, they have nothing to struggle for.
Where the battle rages, there the loyalty of the soldier is proved.
Every man should lose a battle in his youth, so he does not lose a war when he is old.
If your enemy offers you two targets, strike at a third.
Only a battle lost is sadder than a battle won.
The most critical time in any battle is not when I’m fatigued, it’s when I no longer care.
All warfare is based on deception.
He will win who knows when to fight and when not to fight.
If the enemy leaves a door open, you must rush in.
If you know the enemy and know yourself, your victory will not stand in doubt.
Maneuvering with an army is advantageous; with an undisciplined multitude, most dangerous.
A leader leads by example not by force.
Hold out baits to entice the enemy. Feign disorder, and crush him.
If it is to your advantage, make a forward move; if not, stay where you are.
If you know Heaven and know Earth, you may make your victory complete.
Let your plans be dark and impenetrable as night, and when you move, fall like a thunderbolt.
You never know the silent battles people are going through, so just be kind.
Sunsets are proof that endings can be beautiful too.
Because I carry it well, doesn't mean it's not heavy.
My life isn't about living, it was about surviving.
They said I changed a lot. I said, a lot changed me.
Nothing hurts more than trying your absolute best, and still not being good enough.
Stay busy, so you don't have time to be sad.
I didn't change. You just never knew me.
Maybe your path is harder, because your calling is higher.
I'll keep one blank page in case you come back.
I was quiet, but I was not blind.
I was once a child with innocent eyes.
This universe is not outside of you. Look inside yourself; everything that you want, you already are.
Set your life on fire. Seek those who fan your flames.
Live life as if everything is rigged in your favour.
You were born with wings. Why prefer to crawl through life?
Life is a balance between holding on and letting go.
Lovely days don’t come to you, you should walk to them.
Do not grieve. Anything you lose comes round in another form.
Be like a tree and let the dead leaves drop.
Do not feel lonely, the entire universe is inside you.
You are not a drop in the ocean. You are the entire ocean, in a drop.
Stop acting so small. You are the universe in ecstatic motion.
Don’t be satisfied with stories, how things have gone with others. Unfold your myth.
When you do things from your soul, you feel a river moving in you, a joy.
What you seek is seeking you.
Why do you stay in prison, when the door is so wide open?
The Prophets accept all agony and trust it. For the water has never feared the fire.
Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise, so I am changing myself.
Everything that is made beautiful and fair and lovely is made for the eye of one who sees.
Ignore those that make you fearful and sad, that degrade you back towards disease and death.
I know you’re tired but come, this is the way.
The wound is the place where the light enters you.
When the world pushes you to your knees, you’re in the perfect position to pray.
I am not this hair, I am not this skin, I am the soul that lives within.
Be full of sorrow, that you may become a hill of joy; weep, that you may break into laughter.
Be empty of worrying. Think of who created thought.
Dance until you shatter yourself.
It’s your road, and yours alone, others may walk it with you, but no one can walk it for you.
As you start to walk on the way, the way appears.
What is planted in each person’s soul will sprout.
If the light is in your heart, you will find your way home.
Silence is the language of god, all else is poor translation.
Raise your words, not voice. It is rain that grows flowers, not thunder.
Patience is the key to joy.
Become the sky. Take an axe to the prison wall. Escape.
Be an empty page, untouched by words.
The wealth within you, your essence, is your kingdom.
Wherever you stand, be the soul of that place.
Work. Keep digging your well. Water is there somewhere.
The garden of the world has no limit except in your mind.
When I am silent, I fall into the place where everything is music.
Without music, life would be a mistake.
That which does not kill us makes us stronger.
I'm not upset that you lied to me, I'm upset that from now on I can't believe you.
And those who were seen dancing were thought to be insane by those who could not hear the music.
If you gaze long enough into an abyss, the abyss will gaze back into you.
You must have chaos within you to give birth to a dancing star.
He who has a why to live for can bear almost any how.
When we are tired, we are attacked by ideas we conquered long ago.
In individuals, insanity is rare; but in groups, parties, nations and epochs, it is the rule.
The higher we soar the smaller we appear to those who cannot fly.
The lonely one offers his hand too quickly to whomever he encounters.
To live is to suffer, to survive is to find some meaning in the suffering.
I know of no better life purpose than to perish in attempting the great and the impossible.
Hope, in reality, is the worst of all evils because it prolongs the torments of man.
One must be a sea, to receive a polluted river and not be polluted.
For the King!
Hihiha
Your have come a long way from home!
Guli, guli, guli, guli ram sam sam.
Did you know that the meaning of life is 42?
I do not regret what I've done!
Beware: Bananas kill 200 people a year!!! Stay safe! Stay alert!
Plastic dinosours are real dinosours.
To revive, integrate: e^(-x)^2
Warnings don's matter. --Programmers
Toilet paper: Error 404, Page not found :c
ZzzzzzzzzZ
Hooooo, that was close!